commands/start.md, before:

---
description: "[Simple] HyoDo 시작 가이드 - 처음 사용자용"
allowed-tools: Read
impact: LOW
tags: [simple, help, beginner, onboarding]
mode: simple
---

# /start - HyoDo 시작하기

HyoDo를 처음 사용하시나요? 여기서 시작하세요!

## 핵심 명령어 5개

| 명령어 | 기능 | 예시 |
|--------|------|------|
| `/check` | 코드 품질 체크 | `/check` |
| `/score` | 품질 점수 확인 | `/score` |
| `/safe` | 안전성 검사 | `/safe` |
| `/cost` | 비용 예측 | `/cost "작업"` |
| `/start` | 이 도움말 | `/start` |

## 30초 퀵스타트

```
1. /score          ← 현재 점수 확인
2. /check          ← 품질 체크
3. /safe           ← 안전한지 확인
4. 완료!
```

## 점수 시스템

```
90점 이상  →  ✅ 바로 진행
70-89점   →  ⚠️ 확인 후 진행
70점 미만  →  ❌ 수정 필요
```

## 더 알고 싶다면

| 레벨 | 명령어 | 설명 |
|------|--------|------|
| 초급 | `/check`, `/score`, `/safe` | 기본 기능 |
| 중급 | `/trinity`, `/strategist` | 상세 분석 |
| 고급 | `/chancellor-v3`, `/ultrawork` | 전체 시스템 |

## HyoDo란?

- **코드 품질** 자동 체크
- **비용 절감** 50-70%
- **안전성** 자동 검증

복잡한 건 나중에! 일단 `/check`부터 시작하세요.

---

*고급 기능: `/trinity`, `/strategist`, `/organs`, `/ultrawork`*

Commit message:

refactor(beauty): Purify api_server.py (remove aesthetic bloat)

commands/start.md, after:

---
description: "[Simple] HyoDo 시작 가이드 - 처음 사용자용"
allowed-tools: Read
impact: LOW
tags: [simple, help, beginner, onboarding]
mode: simple
---

# /start - Welcome to the Kingdom of HyoDo

"I am the Chancellor. Welcome, traveler, to HyoDo (孝道). Here, we do not just write code; we cultivate a digital organism guided by Truth, Goodness, and Beauty."

If this is your first time, allow me to introduce your guides:
- **Jang Yeong-sil (眞)**: Your Lead Architect. He seeks technical truth.
- **Yi Sun-sin (善)**: Your Guardian. He shields the system from harm.
- **Shin Saimdang (美)**: Your Artist. She builds bridges of clarity and grace.

## 핵심 명령어 5개

| 명령어 | 기능 | 예시 |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `/check` | 코드 품질 체크 | `/check` |
| `/score` | 품질 점수 확인 | `/score` |
| `/safe` | 안전성 검사 | `/safe` |
| `/cost` | 비용 예측 | `/cost "작업"` |
| `/start` | 이 도움말 | `/start` |

## 30초 퀵스타트

```bash
1. /score          ← 현재 점수 확인
2. /check          ← 품질 체크
3. /safe           ← 안전한지 확인
4. 완료!
```

## 점수 시스템

```text
90점 이상  →  ✅ 바로 진행
70-89점   →  ⚠️ 확인 후 진행
70점 미만  →  ❌ 수정 필요
```

## 더 알고 싶다면

| 레벨 | 명령어 | 설명 |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 초급 | `/check`, `/score`, `/safe` | 기본 기능 |
| 중급 | `/trinity`, `/strategist` | 상세 분석 |
| 고급 | `/chancellor-v3`, `/ultrawork` | 전체 시스템 |

## HyoDo란?

- **코드 품질** 자동 체크
- **비용 절감** 50-70%
- **안전성** 자동 검증

복잡한 건 나중에! 일단 `/check`부터 시작하세요.

---

*고급 기능: `/trinity`, `/strategist`, `/organs`, `/ultrawork`*
